README.md, before:

# kubegodep2dep

The purpose of this tool is to generate (a part of) `Gopkg.toml` file that can be fed to the
[`dep`](https://golang.github.io/dep/) package manager in a project that wants to use
Kubernetes' libraries compatible with a particular Kubernetes version and among each other.

The huge benefit is that **exactly** the same dependency revisions are used. That means the set
of dependency versions that you get have been tested by Kubernetes unit, integration and
end-to-end tests plus real world usage so it is guaranteed to work.

Managing constraints and/or overrides by hand is a huge PITA so why not generate them?

## Usage

1. Download `Godeps.json` of a particular Kubernetes version you want to use. Pick a tag or a branch.
For 1.12:
```console
curl -o Godeps.json https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/release-1.12/Godeps/Godeps.json
```
2. Install the binary from this repository:
```console
go get -u github.com/ash2k/kubegodep2dep
```
3. Run the tool:
```console
kubegodep2dep -godep ./Godeps.json > Gopkg-new.toml
```
4. Add other dependencies that your project needs and use `dep ensure` to pull them all down.

Commit message:

Support Kube releases via command line flag
Add two new command line flags to enable users to set `kube-branch` and
`client-go-branch` directly.

Make `godep` flag optional by adding a routine to construct a URL to get
the `Godep.json` remotely from GitHub.

README.md, after:

# kubegodep2dep

The purpose of this tool is to generate (a part of) `Gopkg.toml` file that can be fed to the
[`dep`](https://golang.github.io/dep/) package manager in a project that wants to use
Kubernetes' libraries compatible with a particular Kubernetes version and among each other.

The huge benefit is that **exactly** the same dependency revisions are used. That means the set
of dependency versions that you get have been tested by Kubernetes unit, integration and
end-to-end tests plus real world usage so it is guaranteed to work.

Managing constraints and/or overrides by hand is a huge PITA so why not generate them?

## Usage
See the [compatibility-matrix](https://github.com/kubernetes/client-go#compatibility-matrix) to get an overview, which `client-go` version works with what Kubernetes release.

1. Install the binary from this repository:
    ```console
    go get -u github.com/ash2k/kubegodep2dep
    ```

1. Run the tool:
    ```console
    kubegodep2dep -kube-branch release-1.12 -client-go-branch release-9.0 > Gopkg-new.toml
    ```
    You can use `-godep` to pass another `Godep.json` other than the default file into the tool. URLs are supported as input, too.

1. Add other dependencies that your project needs and use `dep ensure` to pull them all down.
